Change project license from MIT to apache 2.0 with llvm exceptions (#557)
oneapi-src/unified-runtime: LICENSE.TXT

==============================================================================

> The LLVM Project is under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Unified Runtime is under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions:
```

    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

---- LLVM Exceptions to the Apache 2.0 License ----

As an exception, if, as a result of your compiling your source code, portions
of this Software are embedded into an Object form of such source code, you
may redistribute such embedded portions in such Object form without complying
with the conditions of Sections 4(a), 4(b) and 4(d) of the License.

In addition, if you combine or link compiled forms of this Software with
software that is licensed under the GPLv2 ("Combined Software") and if a
court of competent jurisdiction determines that the patent provision (Section
3), the indemnity provision (Section 9) or other Section of the License
conflicts with the conditions of the GPLv2, you may retroactively and
prospectively choose to deem waived or otherwise exclude such Section(s) of
the License, but only in their entirety and only with respect to the Combined
Software.

==============================================================================

> Software from third parties included in the Unified Runtime Project:

Reviewer: Currently there is no code under other licenses.

So probably least confusing thing to do is remove this section?  It's not part of vanilla Apache, it's an LLVM extra bit.

It is however neutral in terms of actual meaning, so open to thoughts.

Author: I was thinking maybe when we move the adapters here, we will also fetch `l0` and `cuda` headers but I am not sure if that fetch for this headers is regarded as third party software.

Author: There is also some third-party python software installed for the repo.

Reviewer 2: I think fetching dependencies as part of the build process does not need to come under this license file but @alycm should confirm if I'm correct or not.

Reviewer: Yes, fetching is different as the code isn't in the repo.  But!  Lets just leave the wording as is then just to make sure we're covered, it doesn't hurt.

==============================================================================
The Unified Runtime Project contains third party software which is under different license
terms. All such code will be identified clearly using at least one of two
mechanisms:
1) It will be in a separate directory tree with its own `LICENSE.txt` or
   `LICENSE` file at the top containing the specific license and restrictions
   which apply to that software, or
2) It will contain specific license and restriction terms at the top of every
   file.

==============================================================================

> Legacy LLVM License (https://llvm.org/docs/DeveloperPolicy.html#legacy):

Reviewer: I don't think that we need to include this legacy license, right?  It has no relevance to this repo.

Author: yup, deleted that
